## pandas-challenge

## Description
In this challenge, I was asked to analyze code that came from school and student data which would serve in "helping the school board and mayor make strategic decisions regarding future school budgets and priorities". By looking at data related to student passing rates in the categories of math and reading, school size, and school spending I was able to show correlations between the 2 different data sets. To accomplish this analysis, I utilized my Mac OS, Python Notebook, Pandas, and GitHub. 

## Table of Contents
Code for analysis found in the 'PyCitySchools_starter.ipynb' file within the 'PyCitySchools' directory. Data for analysis was pulled from the 'students_complete.csv' and 'schools_complete.csv' files within the 'PyCitySchools' directory. Report about the analysis is contained in the "Report.txt' file.

## Installation Instructions
Code utilized for this challenge can be found in the files titled "PyCitySchools_starter.ipynb" within the pandas-challenge directory on my github "pandas-challenge" repo.

## Usage
Can Git Clone all files from my pandas-challenge repo.

## Credits
For this challenge I utilized the ASK BCS feature on Slack, Google, ChatGPT, fellow students, YouTube, Stack Overflow, TA assistance, Bootcamp tutor assistance, and educational resources related to the unit provided by the bootcamp.

## License
Data generated by Mockaroo, LLCLinks to an external site., (2022). Realistic Data Generator. Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
